# Payroll-Management-System
 The project consists of many classes and sub-classes incorporating numerous functionalities within them. Moreover, the users of this program which uses file management, are able to execute quite a number of basic operations that include; adding new employee record, modifying employee record and deleting record, displaying one or some of the employee’s records among other. In addition to these, the payroll management includes the functionality whereby the salary slip of a specific employee can be printed out. This particular development is vast and wholesome and we have put in our efforts to the best of our abilities to ensure that it is free of errors. The length of the source code is very cumbersome as it exceeds 1500 lines and it has been developed in Code Blocks compiler.  Project uses following C/C++ concept Pointers Loops Functions If Else Switch Classes File handling C++ Graphics Function overriding and overloading Composition  The Project classes LINES LINE_HOR LINE_VER BOX CLEARUP CLEARDOWN MENUS MAIN_MENU EDIT_MENU INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE NEW_EMPLOYEE MODIFICATION DELETION DISPLAY LIST SALARY_SLIP ADD_RECORD MODIFY_RECORD DELETE_RECORD LASTCODE CODEFOUND RECORDNO FOUND_CODE DISPLAY_RECORD VALID_DATE  The Architecture of Project: Operation of Adding New Employee:  This function falls under the public methods of employee class. The parameters addressed in this function includes employee code number, name, address, phone number, date of joining (day, month and year), job title, rank in the organization, and loan requested by the employee.  Modification of Employee Record:  In this C++ system, this function requires the user to provide an employee code which has to be entered for this function to work. Depending on the case modifications of the following can be done; the employee code number, dates joined (day, month and year), employee name, employee address, employee phone number, employee designation, employee grade, house rent and loan made to the employee. Employees’ grades are classified as A, B, C, D and E.
